----- SIMPLE COMPILATION GUIDE -----

We will only need to compile a small project, so we will do it with ocamlc.
All linux and mac users should just check the internet on how to use it, as it
is far simpler than on a windows installation.

1.) Open up the Cygwin64 terminal (or Cygwin32 terminal)

2.) Use the command [  cd /cygdrive  ]

3.) Navigate to your file location (using the cd command). First you must 
    select the disc. If you have files on C: use [  cd c  ]
    If you get lost, the command  [  ls  ] will tell you all the files in the 
    directory and [  cd ..  ] will go one step back.

4.) After you are in the folder where you have your project files use the 
    command ocamlc to compile files.

    For example:

    ocamlc field.mli field.ml            compiles the module field. 

    ocamlc field.mli field.ml game.ml    compiles the whole game.

5.) If you want to run the game in your notepad++ terminal, compile the 
    field module (field.mli and field.ml) and use the following:

    #load "field.cmo"
    #use "game.ml"

    If you want to run the fully compiled game, run it from your Cygwin terminal
    with the command [  ./camlprog.exe  ] (that is the default name).
    


----- QUICK GLANCE AT THE FIELD MODULE -----

Open up field.ml and field.mli and check how much of the module code is hidden
by the .mli file.

Why is the type symbol explicitly written in the .mli and why do we want to
keep the definition of the type field hidden?

Use the field.mli file as a guide on how to use the Field module for the next
part.


----- FIXING THE GAME -----

In the file game.ml some function definitions are not complete.
Luckily all the nasty details of working with symbols and fields are hidden
in the Field module.

Things to fix in game.ml:

1.) Write the definition of switch_symbol.
2.) In make_move correct the following:
      - Print out the player whose turn it is.
      - After receiving input, set the symbol in the field to correct value.
      - Write how to handle possible errors.
3.) In game_loop:
      - Check if the game was won.
      - Check if the game is a draw.
      - Uncomment the rest of the code that continues the loop.
